doc: contributor: Add paragraph about reaching common understanding (#95837)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/contribute/contributor_expectations.rst

Before escalation of technical disagreements, follow the steps below:

> - First, and most importantly, the contributor and person providing feedback should try to reach a

Author: Please note that what I'm trying to do in this new first paragraph, is to ask people to start by trying to _not_ escalate. By trying to understand each other. As sometimes that is the reason why a conflict starts. I also try to nudge people into being kinder and being more patient with each other.
If we can have people understand each others point of view better, we area likely to not need any more escalation, or for that escalation to be faster and more constructive. Therefore saving everybody's time and grief.

> Before escalation of technical disagreements, follow the steps below:
> 
> - First, and most importantly, the contributor and person providing feedback should try to reach a
>   common understanding.
> 
>   - Remember that written communication, especially in public forums, can be easily misunderstood.
>   - Consider contacting one another directly on Discord. A direct chat, or even better a one on one
>     call usually helps clarify the feedback and any constraints or considerations around the issue.
>   - Be kind to one another, and remember that, workload, time differences, and other circumstances
>     are likely complicating communication.
> 
> - Resolve in the PR among assignee, maintainers and reviewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before escalation of technical disagreements, try to reach common understanding and follow the
steps below:

- Resolve in the PR among assignee, maintainers and reviewer, keeping in mind that written
  communication can be easily misunderstood. Consider reaching out to the other parties directly on Discord for clarification.
```
